what's up fellas I'll make this short
and sweet and we'll try to talk fast cuz
there's a short video anytime you see a
video of this I hazy and does it look
like it needs to a process you can go
right up and put it on the HD setting of
720p it will be fully processed my video
is now process as they has the upload
and when they finish processing they
process the top the top one first and
they slowly trickle down to the bottom
but YouTube naturally selects the bottle
on first because most people can't
handle the connection so if your
connection you can handle it drop it for
720p and all your worries be able with
me fanatic trial and Sam have been doing
the been doing you know speed runs on
onslaught all slide is a mode that you
bought that you could buy for 800
microsoft points or 10 US dollars on the
PSN store or you know xbox live
marketplace and we've been trying
basically doing these uh runs that try
to try to give people something to be
tried to get the community into it and
own it and our first one was valve
ariosa and we put that we put down a
pretty impressive time four minutes and
30 seconds and is yet to be beat and we
put that one on machinima which I will
send a link to the video in this video
right here and if you think you meet it
let me know and in record it and if you
can beat our time I put it on my channel
and same thing with here this is this is
this is the best run we could pull out
for nelson bay this isn't the best
friend possible we were talking that
maybe we could shave 20 seconds off but
you got to leave some room for a
competition and that's exactly what we
did
onslaught is a pretty cool game mode but
you can't play it by yourself you pretty
much have to play it with other people
if you end up if you try to jump in the
room and get random Randy's and scrubby
dubby Xin here you're not going to pull
any kind of you know serious time so if
you got four friends and you all play
battlefield or maybe you're looking for
something else in battlefield to enjoy
or just need to work on your aim and
killing people that's right here's the
way to go because the enemies on here
are I I'd go bar for bar they're harder
than most people you find in the actual
gain and you know opposed from the
people are like level 50 and they give
you a give you a pretty good challenge
all the way through so that's what you
got it basically that's what you're
basically doing I guess over another
strategy real quick the strategy for
this is to the first base was there's a
sniper in the civilian house the trial
was designed to take him out though
bushes are on the house I was to come in
I was going to storm in and take the
basement and you know get to get a quick
plants but try to be out try to have the
flag out and cap by 45 to 50 seconds you
move on to the next base next base had
one guy go up on the roof jump down
through the sky lights of the roofs just
like you see I'm doing here in the third
base and try to take it Sam was going to
take out the tank use the tank is
covered to fight off the people in the
road third base shoot a hole in the wall
so the so trout and fanatic could get
into and clear the interior of it out
when you sam roll around the front and
come up on the roof and get the flag
kept going it worked out stupendously
and maybe you can have variation from
that theme other than that
it's been your boy wings of redemption
and I'm signing out